hey guys Ben had a 911 here and today
I'm gonna attempt to do a world's
fastest emerald run so I'm just gonna
start off by chopping some wood cuz
that's pretty much what I need I'm just
gonna chop some good wood cheap are
annoying me okay
I think that would be enough for now so
I'm gonna make a crafting table right
away okay
I need tools so I'm just gonna make I'm
just gonna make start off with a pickaxe
and a shovel
take a shovel all right so now I'm just
gonna spot basically they say never dig
down but you got dig down I think
because if you don't think down it's not
me fast enough so I'm just gonna collect
enough stone to make to make some stone
tools because stone tools are faster so
there's my crafting table Oh perfect
just mean just enough won't have to go
back up alright there we go alright
we're good to go so I'm just getting dig
straight down I'm going to try to
channel around the area to try and find
emeralds really quick we'll see how fast
I can do it this is like I've done it
quite a few times yeah and I'm totally
failed so I'm just keep her stirring
gonna keep trying
I'll get it eventually he'll God woo
song to cave oh and some people in my
fast this diamond mine thing
they said I was they said I was cheating
because you know how can you see light
all the way through like all the way
down here about torches well it's
because the Sun is way up there and it's
shining straight down in here if it was
nighttime I'd be screwed
uh I haven't had bedrock yet Oh
shouldn't she'd almost be there oh there
we go okay I'm just gonna start digging
Oh score nice well I was really not
expecting that ooh okay I'm pretty
excited right now
but I'm trying to keep my reactions down
due to the last video anyway I'm pretty
excited this is pretty sweet nice I
found them in survival really quick
before so it can be done like in
survival I just mined down and find
found them
I think there's brother they're like all
over the place but I guess they're hard
to find because they're only in certain
places oh wow that's great
I wonder how long that took not too long
i'm ieaving me faster than my diamond
fine sweet oh yeah green emeralds I
can't mine it don't worry I won't try to
mine it I won't be getting back up
oh no it's not nighttime I just can't
see all the way back up well they have
it let's see how see if this broken
world record or not I guess you'll find
out if you're watching this cuz I won't
publish it if it hasn't well uh see you
later guys oh and thanks for watching